etc/cron.d/3gpi-utils					    3gpi-utils
etc/default/3gpi-utils					    3gpi-utils
lib/systemd/system/3gpi-utils.service			    3gpi-utils
lib/udev/rules.d/70-3gpi-usbserial.rules		    3gpi-utils
lib/udev/rules.d/81-3gpi-mm-blacklist.rules		    3gpi-network-manager
lib/udev/rules.d/81-3gpi-mm-candidate.rules		    3gpi-network-manager
usr/bin/soracom						    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom.rb			    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/api_client.rb		    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/cli.rb			    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/client.rb		    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/event_handler.rb	    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/rest_client.rb		    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/subscriber.rb		    ruby-soracom
usr/lib/ruby/vendor_ruby/soracom/version.rb		    ruby-soracom
usr/sbin/3gpictl					    3gpi-utils
usr/share/bash-completion/completions/soracom		    ruby-soracom
usr/share/doc/3gpi-archive-keyring/changelog.gz		    3gpi-archive-keyring
usr/share/doc/3gpi-archive-keyring/copyright		    3gpi-archive-keyring
usr/share/doc/3gpi-network-manager/changelog.Debian.gz	    3gpi-network-manager
usr/share/doc/3gpi-network-manager/copyright		    3gpi-network-manager
usr/share/doc/3gpi-utils/changelog.Debian.gz		    3gpi-utils
usr/share/doc/3gpi-utils/copyright			    3gpi-utils
usr/share/doc/ruby-soracom/README.md			    ruby-soracom
usr/share/doc/ruby-soracom/changelog.Debian.gz		    ruby-soracom
usr/share/doc/ruby-soracom/copyright			    ruby-soracom
usr/share/keyrings/3gpi-archive-keyring.gpg		    3gpi-archive-keyring
usr/share/rubygems-integration/all/specifications/soracom-1.1.6.gemspec ruby-soracom
